c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\appTurismo.dll.config
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\appTurismo.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\appTurismo.pdb
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\General.Librerias.CodigoUsuario.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\General.Librerias.AccesoDatos.pdb
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\General.Librerias.CodigoUsuario.pdb
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\obj\Release\appTurismo.dll
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\obj\Release\appTurismo.pdb
c:\users\tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\obj\Release\appTurismo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Tecmadi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appTurismo\appTurismo\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
